Add `active_child_template` to universal media player (#26377)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/universal.markdown

  description: Ordered list of child media players that this entity will control.
  required: false
  type: list
active_child_template:

>   description: "A [template](/docs/configuration/templating/) that will allow to select (override) active child. Must return the `entity_id` of the child that will be selected as active, or `None` to use the default behavior."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: "A [template](/docs/configuration/templating/) that will allow to select (override) active child. Must return the `entity_id` of the child selected as active, or `None` to use the default behavior."
```

The Universal Media Player will primarily imitate one of its `children`. The Universal Media Player will control the first child on the list that is active (not idle/off). The Universal Media Player will also inherit its state from the first active child if a `state_template` is not provided. Entities in the `children:` list must be media players, but the state template can contain any entity.

> Using `active_child_template` will allow you to specify an active entity if the default behavior is not suitable for your task. Template must return the `entity_id` of the child that will be selected as active, or `None` to return the default behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using `active_child_template` will allow you to specify an active entity if the default behavior is unsuitable for your task. The template must return the `entity_id` of the child that will be selected as active or `None` to return the default behavior.
```
